README.md, before:

# iris-skeleton-module

This repository is an IRIS module generator based on cookiecutter and inspired by [python-package-template](https://github.com/TezRomacH/python-package-template).

This tool is in its early phase. So far it can handle the generation of pipeline modules, and other input variables will be integrated.

## How to use

### Installation

> Python requirements : >3.7

First, install pip and cookiecutter:
```commandline
pip install -U cookiecutter
```

Then go to a directory where you want to create your project and run:

```commandline
cookiecutter gh:dfir-iris/iris-skeleton-module
```

Follow the instructions and voilà! Now you can start developing your module without dealing with all the boilerplate code! :tada:

### Input variables

Template generator will ask you to fill some variables.

The input variables, with their default values:

|       **Parameter**       |      **Default value**      | **Description**                                                                                                                                  |
|:-------------------------:|:---------------------------:|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|       `module_name`       |     `iris-misp-module`      | [Check the availability of possible name](http://ivantomic.com/projects/ospnc/) before creating the project.                                     |
|        `artefact`         |           `misp`            | Set the artefact name (e.g the tool you want to interface IRIS with or the type of artefact you want to ingest                                   |
|   `module_description`    | based on the `module_name`  | Brief description of your project.                                                                                                               |
|      `organization`       | based on the `module_name`  | Name of the organization. We need to generate LICENCE and to specify ownership in `pyproject.toml`.                                              |
|         `license`         |            `MIT`            | One of `MIT`, `BSD-3`, `GNU GPL v3.0`, `Lesser GNU GPL v3.0` and `Apache Software License 2.0`.                                                  |
| `minimal_python_version`  |            `3.7`            | Minimal Python version. One of `3.7`, `3.8` and `3.9`. It is used for builds, GitHub workflow and formatters (`black`, `isort` and `pyupgrade`). |
|       `github_name`       | based on the `organization` | GitHub username for hosting. Also used to set up `README.md`, `pyproject.toml` and template files for GitHub.                                    |
|          `email`          | based on the `organization` | Email for `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`, `SECURITY.md` files and to specify the ownership of the project in `pyproject.toml`.                             |
|         `version`         |           `0.1.0`           | Initial version of the package. Make sure it follows the [Semantic Versions](https://semver.org/) specification.                                 |
| `create_example_template` |         `pipeline`          | Creates a template module, either processor type or pipeline                                                                                     |


## Author and license

Copyright 2022, Théo Letailleur a.k.a ekt0 - contact@dfir-iris.org under the License LGPLv3

Commit message:

[IMP] adapt artefact to keyword, change misp to toto, change license

README.md, after:

# iris-skeleton-module

This repository is an IRIS module generator based on cookiecutter and inspired by [python-package-template](https://github.com/TezRomacH/python-package-template).

This tool is in its early phase. So far it can handle the generation of pipeline modules, and other input variables will be integrated.

## How to use

### Installation

> Python requirements : >3.7

First, install pip and cookiecutter:
```commandline
pip install -U cookiecutter
```

Then go to a directory where you want to create your project and run:

```commandline
cookiecutter gh:dfir-iris/iris-skeleton-module
```

Follow the instructions and voilà! Now you can start developing your module without dealing with all the boilerplate code! :tada:

### Input variables

Template generator will ask you to fill some variables.

The input variables, with their default values:

|       **Parameter**       |                         **Default value**                          | **Description**                                                                                                                                  |
|:-------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|       `module_name`       |                 As an example : `iris-toto-module`                 | [Check the availability of possible name](http://ivantomic.com/projects/ospnc/) before creating the project.                                     |
|         `keyword`         | based on the `module_name` or `toto` if `module_name` is malformed | Set the keyword name (e.g the tool you want to interface IRIS with or the type of artefact you want to ingest                                    |
|   `module_description`    |                     based on the `module_name`                     | Brief description of your project.                                                                                                               |
|      `organization`       |                     based on the `module_name`                     | Name of the organization. We need to generate LICENCE and to specify ownership in `pyproject.toml`.                                              |
|         `license`         |                               `MIT`                                | One of `MIT`, `BSD-3`, `GNU GPL v3.0`, `Lesser GNU GPL v3.0` and `Apache Software License 2.0`.                                                  |
| `minimal_python_version`  |                               `3.7`                                | Minimal Python version. One of `3.7`, `3.8` and `3.9`. It is used for builds, GitHub workflow and formatters (`black`, `isort` and `pyupgrade`). |
|       `github_name`       |                    based on the `organization`                     | GitHub username for hosting. Also used to set up `README.md`, `pyproject.toml` and template files for GitHub.                                    |
|          `email`          |                    based on the `organization`                     | Email for `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`, `SECURITY.md` files and to specify the ownership of the project in `pyproject.toml`.                             |
|         `version`         |                              `0.1.0`                               | Initial version of the package. Make sure it follows the [Semantic Versions](https://semver.org/) specification.                                 |
| `create_example_template` |                             `pipeline`                             | Creates a template module, either processor type or pipeline. For now only pipeline is offered.                                                  |


## Author and license

Copyright 2022, Théo Letailleur a.k.a ekt0 - contact@dfir-iris.org under the License AGPLv3
